feat(curriculum): Add fCC Authors Page Project to JS Cert (#49826)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/641da3c6b6fbd742bff6ee40.md

---
id: 641da3c6b6fbd742bff6ee40
title: Step 2
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-2
---

# --description--

> You will now get into using the `Fetch API`. It is a built-in JavaScript interface for getting a resource from a server. It has a `fetch()` method with which you can make a `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, or `PATCH` request.
> 
> The request you are going to make in this project is a `GET` request to this URL `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/news-author-page/authors.json`. The URL has the information of freeCodeCamp News Site authors – making it ideal for what you want to build.
> 
> To make a `GET` request with the `fetch()` method, you do it like this:
> 
> ```js
> fetch("sample-url-goes-here")
> ```
> 
> Make a `GET` request to the freeCodeCamp authors URL. Don't terminate the code with a semi-colon yet.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The <dfn>Fetch API</dfn> is a built-in JavaScript interface for getting a resource from a server. It has a `fetch()` method with which you can make HTTP requests.

An HTTP `GET` request is used to request data from a server. To make a `GET` request with the `fetch()` method, you do it like this:

```js
fetch("sample-url-goes-here")
```

Make a `GET` request to `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/news-author-page/authors.json`. This URL has the information of freeCodeCamp News Site authors – making it ideal for what you want to build. Don't terminate the code with a semi-colon yet.
````

- Fetch API should be wrapped in definition tags, rather than code tags.
- Generally we try to keep the instructions after the explanation, so campers don't have to go back up and remind themselves of what we are asking.

# --hints--

> You should use the `fetch()` method to make a `GET` request to `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/news-author-page/authors.json`.
> 
> ```js
> assert.match(code, /fetch\(('|"|`)https:\/\/cdn\.freecodecamp\.org\/curriculum\/news\-author\-page\/authors\.json\1\)/)
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You should use the `fetch()` method to make a `GET` request to `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/news-author-page/authors.json`.

```js
assert.match(code, /fetch\(('|"|`)https:\/\/cdn\.freecodecamp\.org\/curriculum\/news\-author\-page\/authors\.json\1\)/)
```

You should not have a semi-colon after your `fetch` call.

```js
assert.notMatch(code, /fetch\(('|"|`)https:\/\/cdn\.freecodecamp\.org\/curriculum\/news\-author\-page\/authors\.json\1\);/)
```
````

If we are instructing campers not to use a semi-colon, we should test for that.
